# Revival  Of Underperforming Enterprises Or Underutilized Assets Act

No. **43** of **2011**

Date Certified: **2011-11-11**, Date Published: **2011-11-11**, Price: **22.0**, Price Postage: **20.0**

[Certified On 11Th November, 2011]
L.D. O. 45/2011.
A N  A Ct   To   Provide   For   The  E Ffective  M Anagement , A Dministration
Or   Revival   Of     Identified   U Nderperforming   E Nterprises   Or U Nderutilized  A Ssets   Vested   In   The   State   Through  A Lternate
Utilization   And   The   Payment   Of   Compensation   In   Respect
Thereof ;  And   To   Provide    For   M Atters   Connected   Therewith
And   Incidental   T Hereto .
Whereas   In Furtherance Of The Expeditious Development Policies Being Expeditiously Implemented Within The Country In The Backdrop Of The Favourable  Economic Environment, The Government,  Having  Regard  To  The Directive Principles Of State Policy Enshrined In The Constitution, Considers It Necessary  And  Expedient To Ensure To Its People The Maximum Benefit From The Limited Resources Available, By Securing And Protecting As Effectively As The Government Could, A Social Order In Which Social, Economic And Political Justice Would Prevail:
Preamble
And Whereas It Has Become Necessary In The National Interest To Vest In The State, Certain Identified Underperforming Enterprises And Underutilized Assets, In Order To Ensure The Effective Administration, Management Or Revival Of Such Enterprises Or Assets, Through Alternate Methods Of Utilization, Such As Restructuring Or Entering Into Management Contracts:
Now Therefore Be   It Enacted By The Parliament Of The Democratic Socialist Republic Of Sri Lanka As Follows;-

0. 
    1. This Act may be cited as the Revival of Underperforming Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No .  43 of 2011.
        - Short Title
        - 2PL 0063304,090  (11/2011)
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 2
    2. 
        1. With effect from the date of the coming into operation of this Act, where the Underperforming Enterprise or Underutilized Assets specified in Schedule I or Schedule II to this Act, are having an adverse impact on the national economy and thereby on the public interest, the shares of such Underperforming Enterprise and the Underutilized Assets shall with effect from the date of coming into operation of this Act, stand vested in the Secretary to the Treasury for and on behalf of the State.
            - Acquisition   by Government of U n d e r - p e r f o r m i n g Enterprises and Underutilized Assets.
        2. It shall be the duty of the Competent Authority appointed under section 3 to control, administer and manage or otherwise ensure the revival in keeping with the policy of the Government, through alternate methods of utilization, such as restructuring or entering into management contracts with regard to such Underperforming Enterprise and Uunderutilized Assets vested with the Secretary to the Treasury in terms of subsection (1).
        3. No person who was a Director of the Board  of Directors of an Underperforming Enterprise which is vested in t he  Secretary to the Treasury in terms of subsection (1), shall exercise, perform or discharge any power, duty  or  function  with  respect  to  such   Enterprise unless  expressly authorized to do so in writing by the Competent Authority.
    3. 
        1. The Cabinet of Ministers shall appoint in respect of the Underperforming Enterprise or each one or more of the Underutilized Assets as the case may be, vested in the Secretary to the Treasury by subsection (1) of section 2, a person by name or by office, to be the Competent Authority who shall control, administer and manage or ensure the revival of such Enterprise or Assets as the case may be, through alternate utilization,.
            - Appointment of a Competent Authority.
        2. A Competent Authority appointed under subsection (1) to control, administer and manage:
            a. the Underperforming Enterprise specified in Schedule I, shall take possession of all movable
                - and immovable property of such Enterprise (including any building belonging to or standing on land belonging to, such Enterprise, together with fixtures or fittings thereto belonging and appurtenant therewith, or  treated as part and parcel thereof) and shall cause an  inventory  to  be prepared of property wherever it is so possible, in the presence of t he   per so n,  who on the day prior to the  date  of  the  vesting  of such   Enterprise in the Secretary to the Treasury by subsection (1) of section 2, was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of such Enterprise or an agent duly authorized by such Chairman;
            b. any one or more Underutilized Assets specified in Schedule II, shall take possession of such  Asset (including any building  and any  fixtures or fittings which are part of such building and any building belonging to and appurtenant thereto, or  treated as part and parcel thereof) and shall cause  an inventory  to  be  prepared  appropriately wherever it is so possible in  the presence of t he   per so n,  who on the day prior to  the  date  of  the  vesting  of such Assets  in   t he   Secretary  to  the Treasury, was the owner or an agent duly authorized by such owner.
        3. A Competent Authority shall, in the exercise, performance and discharge of his powers, duties and functions, be subject to such general and special directions of the Cabinet of Ministers as may be issued in writing from time to time, having regard to the interest of any workers and the effective management and administration of the enterprise or asset concerned in respect of which such Competent Authority is appointed.
        4. Subject to the provisions of subsection (3), a Competent Authority, appointed to control, manage and administer the affairs of an Underperforming
            - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 4
            - Enterprise or an Underutilized Assets, shall wherever appropriate:
            a. exercise, perform  and discharge, all the powers, duties and functions conferred or imposed on, or assigned to, the Board of Directors or any other body which was  entrusted with the management of such Enterprise as on the date of vesting of the enterprise in terms of subsection (1) of section 2;
            b. continue with  or recommence any business activities  of such Enterprise or Asset where deemed appropriate;
            c. restructure   such   Enterprise or Asset   so   as   to enhance  its commercial viability;
            d. make available to such Enterprise or Asset, the resources necessary to perform the duties referred to in paragraph ( b ) and ( c );
            e. ensure the maintenance of a proper accounting system in respect of the financial matters of such Enterprise or Asset;
            f. secure the due payment of wages to the workers of such Enterprise or Asset and due compliance by such Enterprise or Asset of all its statutory dues in relation to such workers;
            g. meet all costs and expenses incurred in the management and administration of the affairs of such Enterprise or Asset;
            h. take such other steps as may be necessary to ensure in the national interest the revival of such Enterprise or Asset through alternate utilization;
            i. do such other acts as are necessary or incidental to the performance of the duties referred to above.
    4. 
        1. The shares held by all share holders of the Underperforming Enterprise which has vested in the Secretary to the Treasury under subsection (1) of section 2 shall, with effect from the date of such vesting, other than where such shares are being held by the Secretary to the Treasury, vest in the Secretary to the Treasury for and on behalf of the State.
            - Shares of the Under- performing Enterprise to vest with the Secretary to the Treasury.
        2. The shareholder or shareholders  or the owner or owners, as the case may be,  of any Underperforming Enterprise or Underutilized Assets as the case may be, shall
            a. where the shares of any Underperforming Enterprise, held by such shareholders or owners of such enterprise as on the date of the coming into operation of this Act, have vested with the Secretary to the Treasury under subsection (1) of section 2; and
            b. where such Underutilized Assets has, as on the date of the coming into operation of this Act, vested in the Secretary to the Treasury under subsection (1) of  section 2,
                - be entitled to receive prompt, adequate and effective compensation in terms of the succeeding provisions of this Act.
        3. The compensation payable shall,
            a. in relation to an Underperforming Enterprise reflect the value of the shares held by each shareholder in such Enterprise; and
            b. in relation to an Underutilized Asset, reflect the value of such Asset based on the ownership by one or more owners.
                - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 6
    5. 
        1. The Cabinet of Ministers shall appoint, for the purposes of this Act, a tribunal, to be called the Compensation Tribunal comprising the Chief Valuer  an d two other persons who are persons having wide experience and who have shown capacity, in commercial valuation.
            - Appointment   of  Compensation Tribunal.
        2. All claims for the payment of compensation under subsection (2) of section 4 shall be made to the Compensation Tribunal appointed under subsection (1) within a period of two years from the date of vesting.
    6. 
        1. The Compensation Tribunal shall on  receipt of claim for the payment of compensation and after such inquiry as it deems  necessary, make its award on such claim within a period of twelve months from the date on which the claim was received by it.
            - Determination of Compensation Tribunal and appeals therefrom.
        2. Any person who is aggrieved by an award made by the Compensation Tribunal may appeal against such award to the Court of Appeal within fourteen days from the date on which the award was communicated to such person, with the leave of the Court of Appeal first had and obtained. The provisions of the Civil Procedure Code relating to appeals to the Court of Appeal from an order of a District Court shall, mutatis mutandis , apply to the making and hearing of appeals under this section.
            - (3 )  All sums awarded as compensation under this Act shall be charged to a separate account opened and operated by the Government, for such purpose only with a licensed commercial bank operating in Sri Lanka, into which account the Government shall make arrangements to hold in escrow, sufficient funds to be able to meet any claim for compensation received by it in terms of this section.
    7. Any person who with regard to any Underperforming Enterprise or Underutilized Assets vested in the Secretary to the Treasury subsection (1) of under section 2:
        - Offences.
            a. refuses or fails to deliver to the Competent Authority possession of any property movable or
                - immovable including any building, plant, machinery or any fittings or fixtures appurtenant thereto and stock in trade of any such Enterprise or Assets;
            b. wilfully or negligently destroys, damages or disables, or causes   to   be  destroyed  or  damaged or  disabled,  or wilfully conceals or puts away, or causes to be concealed or put away any property of, any such Enterprise or Assets ;or
            c. prevents or obstructs, or directly or indirectly causes any other   person  to  prevent  or  obstruct, the  Competent Authority in taking over the management of, or taking possession  or  control of,  any  building or property, of any  such Enterprise or Assets,
                - shall be guilty of an offence under this Act and shall on conviction after summary  trial before a Magistrate be liable to imprisonment of either description  for  a   period not  exceeding  ten  years  or  to  a  fine  not exceeding ten t h o u s an d  rupee s or to both such fine and imprisonment.
    8. In the event of any inconsistency between the Sinhala and Tamil texts of this Act, the Sinhala text shall prevail.
        - Sinhala text  to prevail in  case   of inconsistency.
        - Interpretation.
    9. In this Act
        - Competent   Authority   means   a   Competent Authority appointed under section 3;
        - person includes an individual or any  body  of persons  corporate or unincorporated;
        - Underutilized Asset means
            a. land that was owned by the Government or a Government  Agency and alienated  within a period of twenty years prior to the date of the
                - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 8
                - coming into operation of this Act to any person, by transferring freehold or leasehold rights or through a divestiture on the basis that the related operations proposed to be carried out on such land will result in generating employment, foreign exchange earnings or savings or economic activities, beneficial to the public, but where such benefits as aforesaid have not accrued, being prejudicial to the national economy and public interest ;
            b. land owned by a person that had been granted within a period of twenty years prior to the date of the coming into operation of this Act, either, any tax incentives under any law relating to the imposition and recovery of any tax, incentives under the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka Law, No. 4 of1978 or regulations framed there under, or any Government Guarantees, on the basis that the related operations proposed to be carried out by such person will result in generating employment, foreign exchange earnings or savings or economic activities, beneficial to the public, but where such benefits as aforesaid have not accrued, being prejudicial to the national economy and public interest;
                - Underperforming Enterprise means a company or other authority, institution or body established by or under any written law for the time being in force, in which the Government owns shares and where the Government has paid contingent liabilities of such enterprise and the Government is engaged in protracted litigation with regard to such Enterprise, which is prejudicial to the national economy and public interest.
                - SCHEDULE I
                - U NDERPERFORMING  E NTERPRISES
                - 1. H OTEL  D EVELOPERS  (L ANKA ) P LC  (P Q  143)
                - SCHEDULE II
                - U NDERUTILISED  A SSETS
                - 1. PROPERTY SITUATED AT PETTAH  CHALMERS GRANARIES
                - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 1 depicted in Plan No. PPCO 5228 dated 18.01.1980 made by Surveyor General of the land called Charmers Granaries situated in the District of Colombo, Western Province and which said land is bounded on the North by Main Street, East by Front Street, South by Norris Road and West by Lot 15 in C.L.P. No. 1 and containing in extent A9-R3-P27.2 as per the said Plan No. PPC 5228.
                - 2. PROPERTIES SITUATED AT BADULLA - COLOMBO COMMERCIAL COMPANY
                - 1. All that allotment of land marked Lot No.353  depicted in Plan No. FVP 80 Sup. 32 made by the Surveyor General of the land situated  at Hingurugamuwa in the  District of Badulla, Uva Province and which said land is bounded on the North by Lot 33, Spring Valley Road,   East by Lot 33, Spring Valley Road, South by Lot 33 & 102, Spring Valley Road and West by Lot 33 & 102, Spring Valley Road and containing in extent 2 Acres 2 Roods and 3.2 Perches (A2- R2-P3.2) as per the said Plan No. FVP 80 Sup. 32;
                - 2.  All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 352 depicted in Plan No. FVP 80 Sup. 31 made by the Surveyor General of the land situated at Hindagoda  in the  District of Badulla, Uva Province and which said land is bounded on the North by Hanwella Ela,  East by Spring Valley Road, South by Spring Valley Road and West by Lot 33 and Hanwella Ela and  containing in extent 2 Acres 2 Roods and 28.8 Perches A2-R2-P28.8 as per the said Plan No. FVP 80 Sup. 31;
                - 3. All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 243 depicted in Plan No. FVP 5 Sup. 07 made by the Surveyor General situated at Kanupelella  in the  District of Badulla, Uva Province and which said land is bounded on the North by Dalada Ela,  East by Kuda Oya, South by Kuda Oya and
                - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 10
                - West by Dalada Ela and  containing in extent 0 Acres 2 Roods and 6.4 Perches ( A0-R2-P6.4 ) as per the said Plan No. FVP 5 Sup. 07;
                - 4. All that allotment of land marked Lot No.1 depicted in Plan No. PP Ba. 297 made by the Surveyor General situated at Aluthwela Judges Hill, in the District of Badulla, Uva Province and which said land is bounded on the North by Lot 2 in PPBA 2023, East by Aluth Ela Road, Assessment No. 30A, South by Lot 2 in PPBA 2023 and West by Lot 2 in PPBA 2023 and containing in extent 0 Acres 3 Roods and 25.6 Perches (A0-R3-P25.6) as per the said Plan.
                - 3. PROPERTIES  SITUATED  AT  PETTAH  AND NARAHENPITA - LANKA TRACTORS LIMITED
                - 1. An allotment of land bearing Assessment No. 343, Olcott Mawatha, Colombo 11, situated in the District of Colombo, Western Province and bounded on the North by Garden No. 341, Olcott Mawatha, Garden No. 34 , St Sebastian Hill, South by the canal and on the West by Olcott Mawatha and containing in extent approximately nought acres, two roods and twenty eight perches (A0-R2-P 28), per Plan No. 606 dated 14.10.1994 made by Ranjith Karunaratne L.S;
                - 2. An allotment of land marked lot 3 depicted in PP G CO. 1279 made by the Surveyor General, situated at Narahenpita in the District of Colombo, Western Province and containing in extent five acres, two roods and nought perches (A5-R2- P 00).
                - 4. LAND COMPRISING OF PELWATTE SUGAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED
                - The allotments of land forming the property of Pelwatte Sugar Industries Limited situated at Pelwatte in the District of Moneragala in the Uva Province and containing in extent approximately 6300 Hectares.
                - 5. LAND COMPRISING OF SEVANAGALA SUGAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED
                - 1. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2186 in Plan No.FTP 38(Sheet No.47, Supplementary No.44) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as Katupila situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and
                - which said Lot 2186 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2188 on the East by Lot No.2187  on the South by Lot No.2188 and on the West by Lot No.2188 and containing in extent Nine Decimal Three Five Nought Hectares (9.350 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 2. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2184 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.46, Supplementary No.43) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as Kowul Ara situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Sittaram Palatha Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 2184 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2185 on the East by Lot No.28 on the South by Lot No.1489 and on the West by Lot No.2185 and containing in extent Seven Decimal One Five Two Hectares (7.152 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 3. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2218 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.50, Supplementary No.47) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as Water Tank situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 2218 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2219 on the East by Lot No.2216 on the South by Lot No.2216 and on the West by Lot No.2219 and containing in extent Nought Decimal Two One  Nought Hectares (0.210 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 4. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2217 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.50,  Supplementary No.47) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as Makuluwa Office situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 2217 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2216 on the East by Lot No.2216 on the South by Lot No.2219 and on the West by Lot Nos.2219 & 2216 and containing in extent Nought  Decimal Three Two Seven Hectares (0.327 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 5. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2215 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.50, Supplementary No.47) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as Makuluwa Housing
                - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 12
                - Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 2215 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2219 on the East by Lot No.2214 on the South by Lot No.55 and on the West by Lot No.55 and containing in extent Nought  Decimal Eight Three Nought Hectares (0.830 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 6. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2213 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.50, Supplementary No.47) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as Makuluwa Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 2213 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2219 on the East by Lot Nos.2219 & 56 on the South by Lot No.56 and on the West by Lot No.2214 and containing in extent Three  Decimal Five Nought Four Hectares (3.504 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 7. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2189 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.48, Supplementary No.45) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Gingalpelessa Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2189 is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.40 & 2190 on the East by Lot No.2190 on the South by Lot No.2190 and on the West by Lot No.2190 and containing in extent Five  Decimal Eight Six Four Hectares (5.864 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 8. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2234 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Zone 4 Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2234 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2241 on the East by Lot No.2233 on the South by Lot No.2241 and on the West by Lot No.2241 and containing in extent One  Decimal Four Eight Seven  Hectares (1.487 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
                - 9. All that allotment of Land marked Lot No.4932 in Plan No.FTP 43 (Sheet No.52 Supplementary No.46) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called
                - Bahirawa Kelle now known as Danduma Housing Scheme situated in the village of  Bahirawa at Sittaram Palatha Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 4932 is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.4506 & 4508 on the East by Lot Nos.27, 4543 & 4900 on the South by Lot Nos.4509, 4510 & 4933 and on the West by Lot No.4933 and containing in extent Seven Decimal Nought Five Eight Hectares (7.058 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 43;
    10. All that allotment of Land marked Lot No.2111 in Plan No.FTP 64 (Sheet No.40 Supplementary No.24) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Uda Walawa Kelle now known as Chandimarama Housing Scheme situated in the village of  Uda Walawa at Sittaram Palatha Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 2111 is bounded on the North by Lot No.262 on the East by Lot No.2112 on the South by Lot No.2112  and on the West by Lot No.285 and containing in extent Seven Decimal One Nought Nought Hectares (7.100 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 64;
    11. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2240 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Zone 4 Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2240 is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.2241 & 2239 on the East by Lot Nos.2239 & 56 on the South by Lot Nos.56 & 2241 and on the West by Lot No.2241 and containing in extent Nought  Decimal Four Four Four Hectares (0.444 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    12. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2193 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.49, Supplementary No.46) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Factory Village Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2193 is bounded on the North by Lot No.40 on the East by Lot Nos.2195 & 2194  on the South by Lot Nos.2206 & 2192 and on the West by Lot No.2192 and containing in extent  Thirty Six  Decimal Nine Eight Nought Hectares (36.980 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 14
    13. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2199 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.49, Supplementary No.46) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2199 is bounded on the North by Lot No.40 on the East by Lot No.2202  on the South by Lot Nos.2200 & 2198 and on the West by Lot No.2197 and containing in extent  Eleven  Decimal Eight Nought Nought Hectares (11.800 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    14. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2205 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.49, Supplementary No.46) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Factory Village Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2205 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2202 on the East by Lot No.41  on the South by Lot No.2197 and on the West by Lot Nos.2197, 2198 & 2200 and containing in extent  Thirty Eight  Decimal  Nought Eight Eight Hectares (38.088 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    15. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2206 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.49, Supplementary No.46) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Factory Premises situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2206 is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.2175, 2193 & 2177 1/3  on the East by Lot No.2177 1/ 3  on the South by Lot No.2223 and on the West by Lot No.2192 and containing in extent  Sixteen Decimal Four Four Nought Hectares (16.440 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    16. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2208 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.49, Supplementary No.46) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Factory Village Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2208 is bounded on the
        - North by Lot No.2209  on the East by Lot Nos.2209 & 2210 on the South by Lot No.2210 and on the West by Lot No.43 and containing in extent  Seven Decimal Five One Two Hectares (7.512 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    17. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2223 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.51, Supplementary No.48) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2223 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2222  on the East by Lot No.2224  on the South by Lot No.2226 and on the West by Lot No.2221 and containing in extent  Eight  Decimal Two Seven Six Hectares (8.276 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    18. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2277 1/3 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.45, Supplementary No.42) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2277 1/3 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2176  on the East by Lot Nos.41 & FTP 39  on the South by Lot No.2177 2/3 and on the West by Lot Nos.2177 2/3 & 2178 and containing in extent  Fifty Nine  Decimal Seven Five Four  Hectares (59.0754 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    19. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2179  in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.45, Supplementary No.42) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2179   is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.2179 2/2 and 2181  on the East by Lot No.2181  on the South by Lot Nos.2181 & FTP 39  and on the West by Lot No.43  and containing in extent  Fourteen  Decimal Seven Two Four  Hectares (14.724 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    20. All that allotment of Land marked Lot No.1964 in Plan No.FTP 39 (Sheet No.24 Supplementary No.24) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 16
        - Aluthgama Kelle now known as Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of  Aluthgama at Sittaram Palatha Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 1964 is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.1968 & FTP 38 on the East by Lot Nos.1968 & 1965  on the South by Lot No.1776 and on the West by Lot Nos. 50 & FTP 38 and containing in extent Twenty Two Decimal Eight Eight Five  Hectares (22.885 Hec.) according to the said Plan No. FTP 39;
    21. All that allotment of Land marked Lot No.1963 in Plan No.FTP 39 (Sheet No.24 Supplementary No.24) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Aluthgama Kelle now known as Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of  Aluthgama at Sittaram Palatha Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 1963 is bounded on the North by Lot No.FTP 38 on the East by Lot No.50   on the South by Lot Nos.1770 & 1962 and on the West by Lot Nos. 1962 & FTP 38  and containing in extent Eight Decimal Nought Eight Eight Hectares (8.088 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 39;
    22. All that allotment of Land marked Lot No.1967 in Plan No.FTP 39 (Sheet No.24 Supplementary No.24) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Aluthgama Kelle now known as Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of  Aluthgama at Sittaram Palatha Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot 1967 is bounded on the North by Lot No.1966 on the East by Lot No.1968  on the South by Lot No.1770 and on the West by Lot No. 1965   and containing in extent Four  Decimal Six One Two  Hectares (4.612 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 39;
    23. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2242 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Factory Village Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2242 is bounded on the North by Lot No.40  on the East by Lot No.41  on the South by Lot Nos.41 & 2243 and on the West by Lot Nos.2243 & 40 and containing in extent  Nought Decimal Six Nine Six Hectares (0.696 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    24. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2243 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2243 is bounded on the North by Lot Nos.40 & 2242  on the East by Lot No.41  on the South by Lot No. 2244 and on the West by Lot No.2244 and containing in extent  Five Decimal Seven Seven Six   Hectares (5.776 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    25. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2236 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Office & Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2236 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2232  on the East by Lot No.2232  on the South by Lot Nos.56 &  2235 and on the West by Lot No.2235 and containing in extent  Three Decimal Two Nought Nought Hectares (3.200 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    26. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2235 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2235 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2232  on the East by Lot Nos.2232 & 2236  on the South by Lot Nos.56 &  2237 and on the West by Lot No.2237 and containing in extent  Seventy Four Decimal Seven Eight Eight Hectares (74.788 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
    27. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2229 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Office & Housing Scheme situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2229 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2168  on the East by Lot Nos.2168 & 56  on the South by Lot Nos.56 &  2230 and on the West by Lot No.2228 and containing in extent  Seven Decimal Three Two Four Hectares (7.324 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38;
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 18
    28. All that allotment of Land marked Lot 2228 in Plan No.FTP 38 (Sheet No.52, Supplementary No.49) dated 8 th  February, 1998 made by the Surveyor General of the land called Portion of Thenketiya Bedde now known as  Nucleus Plantation situated in the village of Thenketiya Bedde at Kongala Bintenne Koralaya A.G.A. Division Thanamalwila (presently Sevanagala AGA Division) in the District of Moneragala, Uva Province and which said Lot No.2228 is bounded on the North by Lot No.2227 2/2  on the East by Lot Nos.2168 & 2229  on the South by Lot No.2230 and on the West by Lot No.2230 and containing in extent  One Hundred and Five  Decimal Six Nought Four Hectares (105.604 Hec.) according to the said Plan No.FTP 38.
        - 6. SINOTEX (LANKA) LTD
        - 1. All that allotment of land marked SILL in the Katunayake Export Processing Zone depicted in Drawing No. GCEC/ IPZ/K/003 dated 27 th  October 1978 of the land called Kadiranawatte alias Muthuwadiya No. (2) situated in the Village or Kadirana South within the town Council Limits of Katunayake-Seeduwa in the Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale in the registration division of Negombo, Colombo District, Western Province and which said Lot Marked SILL is bounded on the North by the Reservation of Spur Road 2 on the South, East and West by lands belonging to the GCEC containing in extent A2-R0-P0;
        - 2. All that allotment of land marked SILL in the Katunayake Processing Zone depicted in Drawing No. GCEC/IPZ/K/ 003 dated 27 th  October 1978 of the land called Kadiranawatte alias Muthuwadiya No. (2) situated in the Village or Kadirana South within the town Council Limits of Katunayake-Seeduwa in the Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale in the registration division of Negombo, Colombo District, Western Province and which said Lot Marked SILL is bounded on the North by the Reservation of Spur Road 2 on the South, East and West by lands belonging to the GCEC containing in extent A1-R0-P0;
        - 3.  All that allotment of land marked SILL (I) in the Katunayake Export Processing Zone depicted in Plan No. 398 dated 21 st  November 1983 made by G.P. Abeynayake Licensed Surveyor and Levelller of four allotments of land called Dambuwewatta and Kadiranawatta situated in the village of Everiwatta within the town Council Limits of Katunayake Seeduwa in the Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale in DROs Division of Negombo, Gampaha district Western Province of the Democratic Socialist Republic of
        - Sri Lanka and which said Lot marked SILL (I) is bounded on the North by Lot 1A (Reservation for spur Road (2) on the East by land leased out to Sinotex (Lanka) Limited on the South by Lot 1C (Reservation for Averiwatte Road) and on the west by Lot 1B (five feet GCED Reservation) and containing in extent A1-R0-P2.32);
        - 4.  All that allotment of land marked SILL (II) in the Katunayake Processing Zone depicted in Plan No. 399 dated 21 st  November 1983 made by G.P. Abeynayake Licensed Surveyor and Levelller of four allotments of land called Dambuwewatta and Kadiranawatta situated in the village of Everiwatta within the town Council Limits of Katunayake Seeduwa in the Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale in DROs Division of Negombo, Gampaha district Western Province of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and which said Lot marked SILL (II) is bounded on the North by Lot 2A (Reservation for spur Road (2) on the East by balance portion of the same land on the South by Lot 2B (land belonging to GCEC) and on the west by land leased out to Sinotex (Lanka) Ltd. And containing in extent A1-R0-P00);
        - 5. All that allotment of land marked Lot 39c in Plan No. 1626 made by T.S.E. Wijesuriya Licensed Surveyor and Leveller dated 30 th  June 1991 from and out of land called Kadiranawatte and Muthuwadiya of Katunayake Export Processing Zone Phase I within the Area of Authority of the GCEC situated at Averiwatte Village in Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale Gampaha District Western Province of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and bounded on the North by Spur Road 2 and Reservation and Lot 39D, East by Lot 39D, South by Road and Reservation and West by Lot No, 39B containing in extent A1-R0-P28.46);
        - 6. All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 117 depicted in Plan No. 2498 dated 07 th  July 2000 made by T.K,. Dhanasena Licensed Surveyor from and out of the land called Dambuwewatte of the Katunayake Export Processing Zone Phase I within the Area of Authority of the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka situated at Kadirana South Village in the Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale in the Gampaha District, Western Province which said Lot No. 117 is bounded on the North by Jeep Track 4.5 m. wide on the east by Jeep Track 4.5 m. wide road and BOI land; south by reservation along Spur Road 3 and on the west by Lot 21 (AIECL) containing in extent five Acres Two Roods and Twelve Perches (A5-R2-P12) or two decimal two five six one hectares (2.2561 hectares).
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 20
        - 7. JAQALANKA LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked JLL in the Greater Colombo Economic Commission Investment Promotion Zone-Katunayake Phase 1 Layout Plan depicted in Drawing No. GCEC/IPZ/K/003 of the land called dambuwewatta situated in the Village of Kadirana South within the Town Council Limits of Katunayake-Seeduwa in the Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkuru Korale in the Registration Division of Negombo in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said lot marked JILL is bounded on the north-east, south-east and south-west by lands belonging to the GCEC and on the north-west by the reservation of Ring Road 1 and containing in extent One Acre (A1-R0- P0) according to the said Drawing No. GCEC/IPZ/K/003.
        - 8. PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIES (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 28 together with the building standing thereon depicted in Plan No. 75/88 dated 3 rd  June 1988 made by S.A.V. Perera, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller from and out of Kadiranawatta of the Katunayake Export Processing Zone-Phase 1 within the Area of Authority of the Greater Colombo Economic Commission situated at Aweriwatta within the Town Council Limits of katunayake Seeduwa in Dasiya Pattu of Aluthkurukorale in the registration division of Negombo in the Negombo AGAs division Gampaha District Western Province bounded on the North-East by GCEC reservation 5 feet wide against factory premise JIPL, South-East by Ring Road 1 and Reservation  GCEC, South-West by GCEC- reservation 5 feet wide against factory premises LMIL and North-West by GCEC Reservation 5 feet wide against factory premises JIL & TIL and containing in extent two acres (A2-R0-P0) as per the aforesaid Plan no. 75/88.
        - 9. COSMOS MACKY INDUSTRIES LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked CMIL in the Greater Colombo Economic Commission Investment Promotion Zone Katunayake in Phase 1  Layout Plan depicted in Drawing No. GCEC/IPZ/K/003 of the land called Kadiranawatta situated in the Village of Kadirana South within the town Council limits of Katunayake-Seeduwa in Dasiya Pattuwa Registration Division of Negombo Colombo District Western Province which said Lot marked CMIL is
        - bounded on the North East, Sout East and South West by lands belonging to the Greater Colombo Economic Commission in advance tracing No. KO/A/78/26 Rev.4 dated 2 nd  March 1978 made by the Surveyor General; North West by Ring Road II and containing in extent Two Acres and Two Roods (A2R2-P0).
        - 10. KABOOL LACE (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All the allotment of land comprising of amalgamated Lots No.63, 87, 88 and 89 of the land called Hettiyadeniyawatta situated at Bopitiya and Mattegama in  Katugampola Hathpattuwa,  Kurunegala District, North Western Province depicted in Plan No. 362  and 378 made on 15.03.1974  by H.M.H Wijekoon, Licensed  Surveyor  of the Surveyor Department, on the north by main Road from Negombo to Kurunegala; east by Lot 33 and 33C and wire fence; south by Road belonging  to V.C. and Lot 29C, 29E, 29F, 29G; and on the west by Cart Road containing in extent of Forty Six  Acres Two Roods and Eighteen Perches (A46-R2-P18)  and plantations and buildings standing thereon.
        - 11. FORMER CACHEW CORPORATION LAND   
        - All that allotment of land Marked Lot 1 depicted in Field Note No. L 11/21 in Final Preliminary Plan No. Co. 4444 bearing assessment No. 363 (now bearing assessment no. 349 situated in Kollpity Village in the Division of Bambalapitiya No. 38 within the Urban Council Limits of Colombo  in  Divisional  Secretariat  Division  of Thimbirigasyaya in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said Lot 1 is bounded on the north by a portion of Assessment No. 353 Kollpity Road claimed by Lee Hedges and Co. Ltd on the east by a portion of Assessment No. 353 Kollpity Road claimed by Lee Hedges and Co. Ltd on the south by portion of Assessment No. 353 Kollpity Road claimed by Lee Hedges and Co. Ltd and Kollpity Road and on the west by Kollpity Road and containing in extent One Rood and Twelve Decimal Nine Two Perches (0A-1R-12.92P).
        - 12. INTERTRADE LANKA (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 1 depicted in Plan No. PP Co. 7482 bearing Assessment Nos. 12 and 20 in the Division of Fort No. 20 in the Divisional Secretariat Division
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 22
        - and Urban Council Limits of Colombo in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said Lot No.1 is bounded on the north by  D R Wijewardena Mawatha  on the east by D R Wijewardena Mawatha  and  Assessment No. 36, D R Wiejwardena Mawatha, on the south by Baire Lake and on the west by land claimed by Porty Authority and containing in extent Hectares 0.8397 as per the aforesaid Plan No. PP Co. 7482.
        - 13. SUCHIR NEB PROJECTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - 1.  All that allotment of land marked Lots 2 depicted in Plan No. PP CO 8873 dated 13   th  June 2007 made by the Government surveyor on behalf of the Surveyor General of the land situated at Battaramulla in the Minor Division of Hewagam Korale in Kaduwela D.S. Division in the District of Colombo Western Province, which said Lot 2 is bounded on the North by Lot 1 and Ela, on the East by Ela and Lot 11 in PP CO 5442, on the South by Lot 11 in PP CO 5442 and Lot 3 and on the West by Lots 3 and 1 and containing in extent Nought decimal One Three Four One Hectares (Ha 0.1341);
        - 2. All that allotment of land marked Lots 3 depicted in Plan No. PP CO 8873 dated 13   th  June 2007 made by the Government surveyor on behalf of the Surveyor General of the land situated at Battaramulla in the Minor Division of Hewagam Korale in Kaduwela D.S. Division in the District of Colombo Western Province, which said lot 3 is bounded on the North by Lots 1 and 2, on the East by Lot 2 and Lot 11 in PP CO 5442, on the South by Lot 11 in PP CO 5442 and Lot 4 and on the West by Lots 4 and 1, and containing in extent Nought decimal Four One Nine Nine Hectares (Ha 0.4199);
        - 3. All that allotment of land marked Lots 4 depicted in Plan No. PP CO 8873 dated 13   th  June 2007 made by the Government surveyor on behalf of the Surveyor General of the land situated at Battaramulla in the Minor Division of Hewagam Korale in Kaduwela D.S. Division in the District of Colombo Western Province, which said 4 is bounded on the North by Lots 1 and 3, on the East by Lot 3 and Lots 11 and 12 in PP CO 5442, on the South by Lot 11 in PP CO 5442, Ketakellagahawatta claimed by Nazar and Lot 5 and on the West by Lots 5 and 1 and containing in extent Nought decimal Four Nought Four Seven Hectares (Ha 0.4047).
        - 14. CEYLINCO LEISURE PROPERTIES LIMITED
        - 1. All that allotment of land marked Lot 1 bearing assessment No. 116, Galle Road, Kollupitiya depicted in Plan No. 1365 A dated 10 th  August 2004 made by K.P. Chandrasekara, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller situated in Kollupitiya, Ward No. 37 within the Municipal Council Limits of Colombo in the District of Colombo Western Province, which said Lot 1 is bounded on the North by Premises bearing Assessment No. 112, Galle Road, Kollupitiya, Ranmuthu Hotel Premises, on the East by Galle Road, on the South by Premises bearing Assessment No. 134, Galle Road, Kollupitiya, and on the West by Lot 2 hereto, and containing in extent One Acre, Two Roods and One decimal Seven Three Perches (A1-R2-P01.73) or Nought decimal Six One One Four Nought Hectares (0.61140 Hec.);
        - 2. All that allotment of land marked Lots 2 bearing assessment No. 116, Galle Road, Kollupitiya depicted in Plan No. 1365 A dated 10 th  August 2004 made by K.P. Chandrasekara, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller situated in Kollupitiya, Ward No. 37 within the Municipal Council Limits of Colombo in the District of Colombo Western Province, which said Lot 2 is bounded on the North by Premises bearing Assessment No. 112, Galle Road, Kollupitiya, Ranmuthu Hotel Premises, on the East by Lot 1 hereto, on the South by premises bearing Assessment No. 134, Galle Road, Kollupitiya (part of land Reserved for the Marine Drive) and on the West by the Railway  Reservation, and  containing in extent Thirty Nine decimal Nought Two Perches (A0-R0-P39.02) or Nought decimal Nought Nine Eight Seven Nought Hectares (0.09870 Hec.).
        - 15. SEETHAS FASHION (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 968 depicted in Final Colony Plan No. 13 dated 24 th  March 1977 made by Supdt. of Surveys, Polonnaruwa Division in Final Colony Plan Sheet No. 13 from and out of land called Baduelidamana in the village called Sevagama Minor Division Heda Pattu in the DROs Division Heda Pattu and Egoda Pattu in the District of Polonnaruwa in the North Central Province which said Lot No. 968 is bounded on the north by Lot No. 967; east by Lot No. 923; south by Lot No. 1037 and on the west by Lot Nos. 1068 and 1067 containing in extent Nought decimal Four Eight One Hectares (0.481 Hec.) as per the aforesaid P.C.P. Plan No. 13.
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 24
        - 16. D.C APPAREL (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot A depicted in Plan No. Maha/MHN/97/707 dated 7 th  January 1998 made by Mahinda Wijayaratne of the land called Augustahill Estate situated at Kandy, Gangawata Korale in the District of Kandy, Central Province and which said Lot No. A is bounded on the north by Lots No. 84 and 40 in P. Plan No. 2874; east by Lot No. 40 in P. Plan No. 2874 and Road; south by Road and Main Road and on the west by main Road and containing in extent Nought decimal One Four Six Hectares (0.146 Hec.) as per the said Plan No. Maha/MHN/97/707.
        - 17. NEEDLE CRAFTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land called Una Rohal Idama marked Lot No. 1 depicted in P. Plan No. 7305 dated 06 th  August 1992 made by Superintendent of Surveys Colombo on behalf of the Surveyor General situated at Gothatuwa New Town in Ward No. 5, Kotikawatta, Mulleriyawa Town Council Limits in A.G.A.s Division Kolonnawa in the District of Colombo in the Western Province and which Lot No. 1 is bounded on the north by the land claimed by Fever Hospital; east by the land claimed by Fever Hospital; south by Lot No. 13 and remaining portions of Lot Nos. 14, 15, 16 and 17 depicted in Survey Plan NO.  7107 and Lot No. 2 in Plan No. 7305 and on the west by Land claimed by Fever Hospital and containing in extent of Nought decimal Eight One Four Nine Hectares (0.8149 Hec.) as per the said Plan No. 7305 registered in L.D.O. (L-I)/01 at Colombo Land registry.
        - 18. HY FASHION GARMENTS (PRIVATE)LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 2 depicted in Plan No. 2451 dated 30 th  June 1992 made by U. L. D. Piyasiri, Superintendent of Surveys on behalf of the Surveyor General in accordance with F. S. No. 60/16/2 of the land in the village called Siyambalawela in Egodapatte in the AGAs Division Ruwanwella in the District of Kegalle in the Sabaragamuwa Province which said Lot No. 2 is bounded on the north by the land called Ginigaththewahena claimed by W. D. J. Perera and the land called Peterhill Watta claimed by the State; east by Lot No. 1 2/3, land called Peterhill Watta claimed by the State (Village Canal) Road; south by Lot No. 3 and Lot No. 1 and on the west by Lot No. 1 and containing in extent of Two decimal Nought Two Five Hectares (2.025 Hec.) as per the aforesaid No. 2451 Registered in Awissawella Land Registry in Folio S 105/ 157.
        - 19. COLLINS GARMENT (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 6958 depicted in TOPO P. Plan No. 20 (Supplement No. 2, Inset No. 5) made by the Superintendent of Surveys, Anuradhapura on behalf of the Surveyor General in the land called Padaviya Kele, in the Village of Padaviya in the Kunchuttu Korale Minor Division in the A.G.A.s Division of Padaviya in the Anuradhapura District in the North Central Province and bounded on the north by Lot No. 6959; east by Lot No. 1385; south by Lot No. 1386 and on the west by Lot No. 1386 and containing in extent One decimal Four Six Five Hectares (1.465 Hec.)
        - 20. RUHUNU PUTHA APPARELS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - 1. All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 207  depicted in Final Topo P.P. 71 dated 20 th  April 1993 made by W.A.S. Wickramarachchi, Superintendent of Surveys, Monaragala on behalf of the Surveyor General, situated at Weerasekaragama (Part of) Village in Wellawaya Assistant Government Agents Division in the District of Monaragala in the Uva Province and which said Lots Nos. 207 is bounded on the north by Lot Nos. 209 and 208; east by Lot Nos. 208, 212 and 216; south by Lot No. 216 and on the west by Lot Nos. 216, 206 and 209 in the aforesaid Plan and containing in extent Nought decimal Six three Nought Hectares (0.630 Hec.) and registered in Folios M29/212/ 213 at Monaragala Land Registry;
        - 2. All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 208 depicted in Final Topo P.P. 71 dated 20 th  April 1993 made by W.A.S. Wickramarachchi, Superintendent of Surveys, Monaragala on behalf of the Surveyor General, situated at Weerasekaragama (Part of) Village in Wellawaya Assistant Government Agents Division in the District of Monaragala in the Uva Province and which said Lots Nos. Lot No. 208 is bounded on the  north by Lot No. 209; east by Lot No. 212; south by Lot No. 207 and on the west by Lot No. 207 in the aforesaid Plan and containing in extent Nought decimal Two One Five Hectares (0.215 Hec.) and registered in Folios M29/212/213 at Monaragala Land Registry.
        - 21. SANJAYA GARMENTS (PRIVATE)LIMITED
        - 1. All that allotment of land marked Lot 625 in Preliminary Plan No. 244 dated 14 th  August 1992 made by S. D. Sarathchandra Superintendent of Surveys Ratnapura on
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 26
        - behalf of the Surveyor General situated at Kalawana village in Minor Division of Medapattu in A.G.A.s Division of Kalawana in District of Rathnapura Sabaragamuwa Province containing in extent Two decimal Nought Two Nought Eight Hectares (2.0208 Hec.) according to the aforesaid Plan No. V.P 244 and which Lots 625 is bounded on the north by Lot Nos. 623 and 157; east by Lot Nos. 151 and 614; south by Lot Nos. 615 and 626 and on the west by Lot Nos. 626, 627 and 624 and containing in extent One decimal Nine Four Eight Five Hectares (1.9485 Hec.);
        - 2. All that allotment of land marked Lot 628 in Preliminary Plan No. 244 dated 14 th  August 1992 made by S. D. Sarathchandra Superintendent of Surveys Ratnapura on behalf of the Surveyor General situated at Kalawana village in Minor Division of Medapattu in A.G.A.s Division of Kalawana in District of Rathnapura Sabaragamuwa Province containing in extent Two decimal Nought Two Nought Eight Hectares (2.0208 Hec.) according to the aforesaid Plan No. V.P. 244 and which Lot 628 is bounded on the north by Lot Nos. 624 and 625; east by Lot No. 625; south by Lot Nos. 625 and 626 and on the west by Lot No. 627 and containing in extent Nought decimal Nought Seven Two Three Hectares (0.0723 Hec.)
        - 22. MACFA APPAREL (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 1 depicted in Plan No. AS/97/3307 dated 30.11.97 made by A. Singarajah, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller of the land called Arasadi Thottam situated at Nintavur  5 in the village Nintavur within the PS Limits of Nintavur in the Divisional Secretariat Nintavur Pattu in the District of Amparai, Eastern Province and which said Lot 1 is bounded on the north by Road (VC); east by Lot 2 of same land; south by Lot 3 of same land and on the west by Road (H) and containing in extent One Rood and Two decimal Seven Perches (A0-R1-P2.7) or Nought decimal One Nought Six Four Hectares (0.1064 Hec.) as per the aforesaid Plan No. AS/97/3307.
        - 23. YOBEEDHA ASSOCIATES (PRIVATE ) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 411  GCIB  depicted in Plan No. 1535 dated 06 th   January, 2001 made by Ajith Ranjan Weerasuriya Licensed Surveyor and Leveller of the land  called  Mirijjawelakele,  Kapuwatta  and Karaganlewagodella (claimed as part of Lot 411 in Sup. 36 of Final Village Plan No. 54 authenticated by Surveyor General) situated at Mirijjawela Village in Magam Pattu in
        - Distrct of  Hambantota Southern Province  and which said Lot No. 411 GCIB  is bounded on the north by Lot 411 GCIA  of the same land; east by Lot 411 E  of the same land; south by Lot 411 GCZ  of the same land and on the west by Lot  411
        - GD of the same land and containing in extent One Acre Two Roods (1A-2R-00.00P) or Nought Decimal Six Nought Seven Nought Three Hectares (0.60703Hec.) as per the aforesaid Plan No. 1535.
        - 24. DYNAMIC CLOTHING (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 411B depicted in Plan No. 1337A dated 26 th  October, 1999 made by Ajith Ranjan Weerasuriya Licensed Surveyor  of the land called Mirijjawelakele, Kapuwatta and Karaganlewagodella (claimed as Lot 411 in sup. 36 of final village Plan 54, made by Surveyor General) situated at Mirijjawila Village Magam Pattu in the District of Hambantota Southern Province and which said Lot 411B is bounded on the north by Lot No. 411; east by Lot No. 411C; south  by Lot No. 411D and on the west by Lot No. 411E containing in extent of one decimal Two Five Two Four Five Hectares (1.25245Hec.) or Three Acres Fifteen decimal One Eight Perches (3A-0R-15.18P) as per the said Plan No. 1337A registered at the land Registry Hambantota C52/105.
        - 25. 609 POLYMERS EXPORTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 37 depicted in Preliminary Plan No. C 8109 dated 17 th   July, 1999 made by A. Welikalavithanage, Government  Surveyor on behalf of the  Surveyor General of the  land called Arthurfieldwatta (now known as Seethawaka Industrial Park) situated at Avissawella Village in the Minor Division of  Manikkawatta in the D.S. Division of Hanwella within the Urban Council Limits of Seethawakapura in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said Lot No. 37 is bounded on the north by Lot No. 44; on the east by Lots Nos. 44 and 46; on the south by Lot Nos. 46,45 and 38; and on the west by Lot Nos. 38 and 44 and containing in extent Nought decimal Five Nine Nought Hectares (Ha. 0.590) as per the aforesaid Preliminary Plan No. C. 8109.
        - 26. COSCO POLYMER LANKA (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No.  21 depicted in Preliminary Plan No. Co 8109 dated 17 th  July, 1999 made by A Welikalavithanage, Government Surveyor on behalf
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 28
        - of the Surveyor General of the land called Arthurfieldwatta (now known as Seethawaka Industrial Park) situated at Avissawella Village in the Minor Division of Manikkawatta in the D.S Division of Hanwella within the Urban Council Limits of Seethawakapura in the  District of  Colombo Western Province  and which said  Lot No. 21 is bounded on the north by Lot No. 11 depicted in Preliminary  Plan No. Co. 7646 and Lot No. 20; on the east by Lot No. 44, on the south by Lot No. 2 depicted in Preliminary  Plan No. Co.8087; and on the west by Lot No. 11 and 2 depicted in Preliminary Plan No. Co. 7646 and containing in extent Nought Decimal Nine Seven Six Hectares (Ha 0.976) as per the aforesaid Preliminary Plan No. Co. 8109.
        - 27. GREAT WALL THREAD MANUFACTURING (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 29 depicted in Plan No. Co. 8109 dated 17 th  July, 1999 made by A. Welikalavithanage, Government Surveyor on behalf of the Surveyor General  of the land called Arthurfieldwatta (now known as  Seethawaka Industrial Park) situated at Avissawella in the Minor Division of Manikkawatta in the D.S.  Division of Hanwella within the Urban  Council Limits of Seethawakapura in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said Lot No. 29 is bounded on the north by Lot No. 9; on the east by Lot No. 9, Lot No. 2 in Preliminary Plan No. Co. 7646 and Lot No. 30;  on the south  by Lot 30;  and on the west by Lot No. 30,  Lot No. 44 and Lot No. 9 and containing in extent Nought Decimal One Nine Four Hectares (Ha 0.194) as per the aforesaid Preliminary Plan No. Co 8109.
        - 28. ADAMJEE EXTRACTIONS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 06 depicted in Plan No. 2354 dated 16th September, 2005 made by N. Kularatne, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller of the land called Lots 5 and 6 of Perth division of the Perth Estate being a divided portion of Lot 4 of Perth Division of Perth Estate depicted in Plan No. 1786 dated 3rd April, 2000 made by M T Ratnayake, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller situated at Poruwadanda Village within the Divisional Secretariat Area of Horana in Udugaha Pattu of Raigam Korale in the District of Kalutara Western Province and which said allotment of land marked Lot 06 is bounded on the North by reservation for Road 9.0 Meters wide and Paddy Field of Ariyawansa, Denzil D D Nandawathi & Others; East by Lot 5 of same land; South by Reservation
        - for Road 18.0 Meters wide and on the West by Balance Portion of same land and containing in extent of Six Acres (06 A -0R-0P) or Two decimal Four Two Eight One One Hectares (2.42811 Hec. ) as per the said Plan No. 2354.
    29. DATA FOOD (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 1 depicted in Plan No. 2313 dated 20th February 2005 made by N. Kularathne, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller (being a resurvey and sub division of Lot No. 4 depicted in Plan No. 1786 dated 3rd April 2000 made by M T Ratnayake, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller) of the land called Perth Division of Perth Estate (part of) situated at Poruwadanda Village within the Divisional Secretariat Division  of Horana in the udugaha Pattu of Raigam Korale in the District of Kalutara Western Province in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and which said allotment of land marked Lot 4 is bounded on the North by Lot 4A in Plan No. 1066 dated 5th December 2001 by J R Alahakoon Licensed Surveyor; East by balance Portion of same land and premises of Chem Pharma (Pvt) Ltd. (Lot 1 in Plan No. 1910A of 3rd September 2002 by M T Ratnayake Licensed Surveyor); South by Reservation for Road 18 meters wide and West by balance Portion of same land and containing in extent of Four Acres (4A-0R-0P) or one decimal Six One Eight Seven Five Hectares (1.61875 Hec.) as per said Plan No. 2313.
    30. TENDON LANKA (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 7 in Plan No. 292-R0-P30 dated 21.09.95 made by N. Rupasinghe, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller of the land called Pallekele Group (Part of Lot 38 and 36 in PP Maha 4243) of Industrial Area of the Kandy Industrial Park within the Licensed Zone of the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka situated at Kengalla Village in Kundasala AGAs Division, Paharhadumbara Udugahapattu Korale Kandy District in the Central Province and which said Lot No. 7 is bounded on the North by Remaining Portion of same land; East by Remaining Portion of same land and proposed Road; South by Road and West by Road and Remaining Portion of same land and containing in extent Two decimal Eight Three Two Eight Hectares (2.8328 Hec.) or Seven Acres (7A-0R- 0P) as per the aforesaid Plan No. 292-R0-P30.
    31. RICAN LANKA (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked as Lot A depicted in Plan No. 1167 dated 9th September 1996 prepared by K P Wijeweera, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller being a resurvey
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 30
        - and sub division of Lot No. 4 depicted in Surveyor Generals Plan No. P P Gam 2542 dated 23rd May 1995 situated at Nambadaluwa in Udagaha Pattu within the Attanagalla Divisional Secretaries Division in the District of Gampaha Western Province which said Lot A is bounded on the North East by Ela; South East by Road; South West by Lots 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1 in PP Gam 1219 and North West by Path and containing in extent of Two Acres Two Perches (A2-R0-P2) or Nought decimal Eight Nought Eight Four Hectares (0.8084 Hec.) according to the said Plan No. 1167.
    32. COMPOSITE  TOWER  SOLUTIONS  (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 30 depicted in Plan No. 2065 dated 19th December 1997 made by T K Dhanasena Licensed Surveyor from and out of the land called Mahayaya Estate of the Mirigama Export Processing Zone within the area of Authority of the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka situated at Luluwagama Kandangamuwa Village within the Pradeshiya Sabha Limits of Mirigama in Udugaha Pattu of Hapitigam Korale in the District of Gampaha Western Province and which said Lot 30 is bounded on the North by Reservation along Road; on the East by Reservation along Road; on the South by Remaining portion of the same land and on the West by Remaining portion of the same land and containing in extent One Acre and Two Roods (A1-R2-P0) or Nought decimal Six Nought Seven Nought Seven Nought Hectares (0.6070 Hec) as per the aforesaid Plan No. 2065.
    33. HEALTH FOOD PRODUCTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot No. 1 (Resurvey of Lot 28) depicted in Plan No. 475 dated 04.05.2003 made by J.K.N.S. Jayakody Licensed Surveyor and Leveller of the land called Mahayaya Estate being a divided and defined portion from and out of the land depicted in Plan No. 3400 dated February and March 1994 prepared by K.E.J.B. Perera Licensed Surveyor and also being a part of the land depicted in P.P. Co 956 dated 03.10.1978 prepared by the Survey General vested in the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka in Mirigama Export Processing Zone Block A situated at Loluwagoda Kandangamuwa village within the limits of
        - Kandalama Sub-Office area of Mirigama Pradeshiya Sabha Udugaha Pattu of Hapitigam Korale in the District of Gampaha Western Province and which said Lot No. 1 is bounded on the North by Road with Reservation and Lot 27B and Lot 27C East by Jeep Track with Reservation; South by Jeep Track with Reservation and Lot 29 and on the West by Road with Reservation and containing in extent Three Acres One Rood and Six decimal Five Perches (3A- 1R-6.5P) or One decimal Three Three One Seven Hectares (1.3317 Ha.) as per aforesaid Plan No. 475 and Registered in F 240/116 at the District Land Registry Negombo.
    34. SRI CHIRAG (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All allotment of land marked Lot 41 depicted in Plan No. 532 dated 2nd September, 2000 made by A.S.C. Vitanage, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller (being a portion of Block A in the Mirigama Export Processing Zone Lay Out Plan of the land called MAHAYAYA ESTATE depicted in Plan No. 3400 dated February and March, 1994 made by K.E.J.B. Perera, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller) situated at Loluwagoda in Kadangamuwa Village within the Sub- office of Kandalama of the Mirigama Pradeshiya Sabha in Udugaha Pattu of Hapitigam Korale in the District of Gampaha Western Province and which said allotment of land marked Lot 41 is bounded on the North by Reservation along Road and Road; on the East by Lot 40 in Plan No. 529 of A.S.C. Vitanage, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller); on the South by Reservation along Road and Road; and on the West by balance portion in Plan No. 3400  of K.E.J.B. Perera, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller and containing in extent One Acre Three Roods Twenty Three decimal Eight Nought Perches (A1-R3P23.80) or Nought decimal Seven Six Eight Four Hectares (Ha. 0.7684) as per the aforesaid Plan No. 532.
    35. ROYALE EXPORTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot X 1 A  (being a re- survey of part of Lot 34A) depicted in Plan No. 477 dated 08 th  May 2003 made by J.K.N.S. Jayakody, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller of the land called Mahaya Estate being a divided and defined portion from and out of the land depicted in Plan No. 3400 dated February and March 1994 prepared by K.E.J.B. Perera, Licensed Surveyor also being a part of Lot X in Plan No. 657 dated 11 th  December,
        - Revival  of Underperforming  Enterprises or Underutilized Assets Act, No. 43 of 2011 32
        - 1998 prepared by D.R. Kumarage, Licensed Surveyor and also being a part of the land depicted in P.P. Co 4956 dated 03 rd  October, 1978 prepared by the Surveyor General- vested in the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka in Mirigama Export Processing Zone-Block A situated at Loluwagoda Kadangamuwa village within the limits of Kandalama Sub- office area of Mirigama in the District of Gampaha Western Province and which said Lot X 1 A  is bounded on the North by Remaining portion of Lot X in Plan No. 657 and proposed Road; on the East by Part of the same land of B.O.I.; on the South by Lot X 1 B  and Remaining portion of Lot X in Plan No. 657; and on the West by Remaining portion of Lot X in Plan No. 657 and containing in extent Three Acres (A3-R0-P0) or One decimal Two One Four Nought Hectares (1.2140 Ha.) as per the aforesaid Plan No. 477 and Registered in F 240/116 dated 8 th  September 1997 at the District Land Registry, Negombo.
    36. CONTINENTAL VANASPATHI (PRIVATE) LIMITED
        - All that allotment of land marked Lot 27 depicted in Plan No. 950 dated 14 th  May 2000 made by A. C. L. G. Athukorala, Licensed Surveyor and Leveller (being a portion of the land depicted in Line Drawing B/V 174 dated 24 th  April 1998 authenticated by the Superintendent of Surveys of Gampaha on behalf of the Surveyor General  the land depicted in Line Drawing  B/V 174 being an amalgamation of Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 depicted in Preliminary Plan No. 2776 dated 17 th  February 1998 authenticated by M. A. K. Mallawarachchi, Superintendent of Surveys of Gampaha on behalf of the Surveyor General of the land called Yakadawala Mukalana vested in the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka situated at Matalana Village within the Pradeshiya Sabhawa Limits of Attanagalla in the Udugaha Pattu of Siyane Korale in the District of Gampaha Western Province and which said allotment of land marked Lot 27 is bounded on the NORTH by the balance portion of Lot 5 in State Preliminary Plan No. 2776 and Lot 28 in Plan No. 599 by A. S. C. Vitanage, Licensed Surveyor; EAST by Lot 28 in Plan No. 500, Lot 1 in Plan No. 494 and Lot 26 in Plan No. 493 by A. S. C. Vitanage, Licensed Surveyor; SOUTH by Lot 26 in Plan No. 493 by A. S. C. Vitanage, Licensed Surveyor and the balance portion of Lot 5 in State Preliminary Plan No. 2776 and on the WEST by the balance portion of Lot 5 in State Preliminary Plan No. 2776 and containing in extent Three Acres and Sixteen Perches (A3-R0-P16) or One decimal Two Five Four Five Hectares (1.2545 Hec.) as per the aforesaid Plan No. 950.
        - Annual subscription of English Bills and Acts of the Parliament Rs. 885 (Local), Rs. 1,180 (Foreign), Payable to the S UPERINTENDENT , G OVERNMENT  P UBLICATIONS  B UREAU , D EPARTMENT   OF G OVERNMENT  I NFORMATION , N O . 163, K IRULAPONA  M AWATHA , P OLHENGODA , C OLOMBO  05 before 15th December each year in respect of the year following .